hey whats up guys today I had a review
at a Roxio Game Catholic xbox 360 and
ps3
the Russian gay crap but lets you record
your gameplay and upload it to YouTube
plugging everything into the rock co
gang callous now it's easy as 123 all
you have to do was plug it up into its
right position that is color marked and
that was pretty much it but one problem
that i do see what this device is that
the cables that you have to plugins can
only be Kaponi java hdmi that like some
people like to play it you can only have
a component cable so i think that's a
big problem with this device and it
doesn't really play good in HD another
problem that idea face with this device
is that there are software for only
works with a pc or a windows computer as
some might say it does not work with a
mac at all so i think they really need
to fix that so it can be compatible with
all machines in this not a windows
computer but Allah nanette the software
is very advanced and worked very well
with the pc next time we'll show a
little bit of gameplay from this device
that i recorded to my pc but the quality
should be not as good as you will see it
from the device to a pc because i did
had to convert it to a mac
you
so always use the visor 305 geeks taking
away two points because of the component
cable and not an HDMI compatible and not
being mad compatible with the software
but other than that I think device is a
really good for anybody that starting
out posting gameplay on youtube so yeah
guys that's it for this video hope see
you next it was sometimes today